chore: add `-archive` to links of archived docs (#22880)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage.md

check-requirements = true

[mydumper]

> # The local data source directory or the URI of the external storage. For more information about the URI of the external storage, see https://docs-archive.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format.

Author: ```suggestion
# The local data source directory or the URI of the external storage. For more information about the URI of the external storage, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-storages/#uri-format.
```
